there are local rules that inform you, um, how you can date? What's general
is that you can't fat in eyes, which means that if you're in a
supervisory position, you can't, um, date someone underneath you. So
there are exceptions. So, for instance, let's say your first class
can you date second classes. Well, it might depend on whether that
second classes, um, on a different, um, like like a part of a different
um, unit. Then you can tow Electrician's date. Well, if ah, first
classes in, uh, reactor room one and the second classes in reactor
room to even though they're a part of the same electrical division,
maybe they can date. So, um, that that that's a little bit more flexible.
Um, what's not flexible is, for instance, if you're a chief,
you can't really date people underneath you, so they actually have to
get off the off the ship. Um, if you're an officer, you also can't
date, um, enlisted people. Um, maybe officers can date each other,
but for instance, they have to be separate. Basically, the rule is,
um, within the chain of command. Nobody can, uh, anyone up the chain
of command or below the chain of command. You have to actually have
to be separate or you have to be off the ship.